NMS-13472: Update table formatting in docs (continued) (#3564)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/telemetryd/protocols/ipfix.adoc

| Class Name          | `org.opennms.netmgt.telemetry.protocols.netflow.parser.IpfixUdpParser`
|===

=== Configuration and use

> .Parameters for the IPFIX UDP Parser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Optional parameters for the IPFIX UDP Parser
```

[options="header, autowidth"]
|===
| Parameter              | Default     | Description

> | templateTimeout        | 30 minutes  | Templates must be re-declared in the given duration or they will be dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| templateTimeout        | 30 minutes  | Templates must be redeclared in the given duration or they will be dropped.
```

| Class Name          | `org.opennms.netmgt.telemetry.protocols.netflow.adapter.ipfix.IpfixAdapter`
|===

=== Configuration and use

> .Parameters for the IPFIX TCP parser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Optional parameters for the IPFIX TCP parser
```

[options="header, autowidth"]
|===
| Parameter           | Default     | Description

> 3+| *Optional*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> | templateTimeout     | 30 minutes  | Templates must be re-declared in the given duration or they will be dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| templateTimeout     | 30 minutes  | Templates must be redeclared in the given duration or they will be dropped.
```

> | maxClockSkew        | 0           | The maximum delta in seconds between exporter and Minion time stamps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| maxClockSkew        | 0           | The maximum delta in seconds between exporter and Minion timestamps.
```
